NITF driver: implement write support for CADRG (Compressed ARC Digitized Raster Graphics) (#13940)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/drivers/raster/nitf.rst

source dataset or a 4-band RGBA datasets. It will automatically create the CADRG
frames intersecting the source dataset extent in the appropriate Arc zones, at
the target scale. The :co:`PRODUCT_TYPE` creation option must be set to
``CADRG``. The output dataset name must be a directory name.

The target scale is determined by decreasing order of priority:

- from the value of the :co:`SCALE` creation option, if specified.

- from the value of the :co:`DPI` creation option, if specified.

- from the value of the :co:`SERIES_CODE` creation option, if a scale is associated
  with it (which is the case of all valid codes except
  ``HA``, ``CO``, ``OP``, ``CG``, ``CM`` and ``MM``)

- from the value of the TIFFTAG_RESOLUTIONUNIT and TIFFTAG_YRESOLUTION metadata
  items, if existing in the source dataset.

By default, hard-coded values of dates/date-times are written in the file, so
as to get binary reproducible outputs from a given input. It is possible to customize
them by setting the :co:`FDT`, :co:`IDATIM`, :co:`CURRENCY_DATE`, :co:`PRODUCTION_DATE`
and :co:`SIGNIFICANT_DATE` creation options. For all of them the special value ``NOW``

> to mean the current timestamp can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be specified to use the current timestamp.
```
